( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Brother Su Yang.
Brother Su Yang!
What's wrong?
Is it another headache?
Why are you sweating so much?
I'm fine.
Come on.
Let's go grab some good food.
Okay, let's hurry.
Let's go.
Weren't there supposed to be five people?
Where are the other two?
One couldn't be bothered to come.
The other one's missing.
Missing?
A while back, I dumped him on Black Street.
Then I lost contact with him.
If he hadn't texted me at some point
saying he was in secret training,
I'd almost suspect
he'd already died on Black Street.
And the other one?
The other one
is from Black Street.
His name is Su Yang.
Supposedly, he knows you.
You even got him to come out?
So you really do know him?
This kiddo of mine
is quite an interesting guy.
Kiddo?
Yeah.
Didn't you ask me before
whether the underworlds of other main cities
are all in chaos,
full of powerful experts?
Doesn't Shanhai City have any?
Let me put it this way.
Back then, the scum on Black Street,
Little Madman
killed half of them.
As for the other half,
I killed them.
I mean, all that mess back then
was seriously messing up my gaming time.
So I had a flash of inspiration
and just eliminated the source of the problem.
After that, no one ever bothered me again.
So...
that's how Black Street came to be?
Black Street back in the day
was truly full of all sorts of lowlifes.
Nothing like it is now.
The people living there
were genuinely wicked and evil.
Until Su Yang and I wiped them all out.
Then Black Street's fame grew,
and that's what drew in
all those experts who came to live in seclusion.
That's how today's
core district of Black Street came about.
That's all in the past.
Let's drop it. Let's drop it.
What about the rest of you?
Hello, sir.
My name is Liu Xiaorou.
My Divine Blessing is the Pig.
I... I'm kind of a coward.
Afraid of pain.
My combat ability is extremely weak.
But I'm not exactly stupid either.
Sorry for the trouble, everyone.
So you're the Grand Elder's grandson.
Now this is interesting.
I know.
Grandpa wasted a precious spot
just to gild my resume.
But on the road ahead,
I'll do my best
to help everyone in other areas.
Yu Shuai, blessed by Chen Xiang.
And me,
blessed by Zhu Rong.
No, no, no.
Is Shanhai City out of people?
How did even she make the team?
You have no idea how strong she is.
Even stronger than people on Black Street.
Nah, not a chance.
That's impossible.
What are you doing?
You guys keep chatting.
I've got something to take care of.
I haven't spoken yet.
Hey cutie, I'm coming! Bye!
Um...
So...
Let me say a few words.
How much do you know about Divine Blessing?
Not much.
Recently,
I had experts research ancient texts
and unofficial histories.
We came to some conclusions.
At every critical point,
an Immortal Descent will occur.
Just like the one a month ago.
During the Immortal Descent,
the bond between the blessed and the immortal strengthens,
boosting their compatibility,
which causes the blessed one's power
to skyrocket.
Based on our rigorous calculations,
for every 5% increase in compatibility,
you gain one extra ability from the immortal.
If compatibility reaches 100%,
you gain everything the immortal has.
Any questions?
Speak.
I didn't understand.
Fine.
You two didn't get it either, did you?
Meeting adjourned. Meeting adjourned.
Everyone out, out, out.
Oh, right.
Sky City just urgently developed a device
that can measure compatibility.
This week, I'll schedule a time
for everyone to get tested.
We depart in one week.
Meeting dismissed.
Scram.
Wonder if that idiot Xu Siguo
can make it back within a week.
Not bad.
Starting today,
you've officially graduated.
Remember,
don't go around dropping my name.
You and I have no connection.
If you get into trouble later,
don't come running to me.
And especially,
don't contact your three senior brothers.
The previous three senior brothers,
Master openly acknowledged them.
Why is it that with me,
he forbids it from being known?
A clean break.
Straight to retirement.
I understand.
Legend has it
when Sun Wukong studied under
Patriarch Subodhi,
he was also forbidden to reveal it.
After Master finished speaking,
he turned away at the last moment.
That means everything he said was the opposite.
I must work hard
to glorify the sect,
stick close to my senior brothers,
and strive to surpass them.
Xu Siguo, reporting back!
You...
aren't you socially anxious?
Master said,
a young man should forge ahead boldly.
My name is Siguo, "reflect on faults,"
which means making others kneel before me
and reflect on the faults they've committed.
He's lost his mind.
Seems like it.
Forget it.
Let me take you to the training ground first.
Forge ahead boldly.
Everyone.
This is Sky City's newest invention,
a machine that tests compatibility levels.
Just place your hand on it,
and the machine will measure
the density of immortal energy within you,
to determine your compatibility level.
Who wants to try first?
Over here!
I'm the weakest one.
Let me try first for everyone.
Quite humble.
Come on.
Zero point five.
Really not strong at all.
Go back. Stop grinning like a fool.
Who's next?
One point five.
I'll go then.
Alright.
One point nine.
Not bad.
Not bad at all!
Quite pleased with yourself.
Two point zero.
I'm really curious what this Madman will score.
Su Yang.
You're just in time.
This machine
is the newest invention,
designed to test compatibility levels.
Give it a try. Come on, come on.
What a hassle.
Those old folks want to see it.
I don't want to either.
Help me out.
Help me out, please.
Hello, senior brother.
Junior brother Xu Siguo seeks your guidance.
Junior brother.
Your current strength
far surpasses mine.
A young man should be sharp and bold.
You have the bearing of an unbeatable warrior.
You should walk the path of invincibility,
and defeat every prodigy in this world.
Cast aside your fear.
Cast aside your cowardice.
From this day forward,
for a thousand years to come,
they'll remember your name.
Xu Siguo.
Is this guy out of his mind?
Back then, no one in the village survived but me.
Pardon my poor display.
Yang Jian!
Manifest!
I should have it too, right?
Let me try.
Manifest!
Oh no.
I forgot to shout the name.
That was close.
Two more seconds and I'd have exploded.
Next time, remember to shout the name.
Otherwise, all kinds of weird stuff
will come pouring out.
Data error.
Try again.
Error. Data error.
Error, error, error.
Error. Error.
That's enough.
That latest piece of tech...
The data's bound to be off.
Forget it. None of it matters now.
It doesn't matter.
By the way,
when are we heading out?
In a week.
Then me and Little Cleaner will head out first.
Aren't we all flying together?
Don't you think
that Little Cleaner and I,
riding together in a carriage,
seeing the mountains,
seeing the rivers,
seeing the fields of flowers,
sounds like a really nice time?
But what if on the way,
you run into an assassination attempt?
I...
What kind of carriage do you want?
Just...
the kind pulled by horses.
Don't worry.
I'll have it delivered
to your clinic's doorstep ASAP.
See you in the Imperial Capital.
Thanks.
Little Feng,
I'm really rooting for you.
The moment Su Yang made his move,
did you see it?
Xu Siguo went flying through the air, whoosh!
I mean Su Yang! Su Yang!
I didn't dare look.
I saw it.
The instant he struck,
several divine figures appeared behind him.
Though they weren't clear,
they were definitely real.
You didn't get any of that, did you?
Right now,
hurry up and get him to the hospital.
I want to ask,
did he trade his brain for that little bit of power?
He used to just be a bit naive.
Now he's definitely an idiot.
Get him out of my sight, fast.
Hurry!
Okay.